On the fir day of Christmas my true love gave to me: a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the seco day of Christmas my true love gave to me: two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the thi day of Christmas my true love gave to me: three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the four day of Christmas my true love gave to me: four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the fif day of Christmas my true love gave to me: five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the six day of Christmas my true love gave to me: six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the seven day of Christmas my true love gave to me: seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the eigh day of Christmas my true love gave to me: eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the nin day of Christmas my true love gave to me: nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the ten day of Christmas my true love gave to me: ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the eleven day of Christmas my true love gave to me: eleven Pipers Piping, ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the twelf day of Christmas my true love gave to me: twelve Drummers Drumming, eleven Pipers Piping, ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.
